docs: add docs for header feature (#8535)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-stream.md

especially important for stateful or otherwise intensive queries. For more
information, see [Parallelization](/operate-and-deploy/performance-guidelines/#parallelization).

### Columns

A ksqlDB STREAM is a stream of _facts_. Each fact is immutable and unique.
A stream can store its data in `KEY`, `VALUE` or `HEADERS`/`HEADER('<key>')` columns.
`KEY`, `VALUE` and `HEADER('<key>')` columns can be NULL. `HEADERS` columns cannot be NULL. If the

> Kafka message doesn't have headers, then the column is populated by an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ site.ak }} message doesn't have headers, then the column is populated by an empty array.

```

* `data_type`: the SQL type of the column. Columns can be any of the
   [data types](/reference/sql/data-types) supported by ksqlDB.
   
* `HEADERS` or `HEADER('<key>')`: columns that are populated by the Kafka message's header should be

>    marked as `HEADERS` or `HEADER('<key>')` columns. If a column is marked by `HEADERS`, then it will contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   marked as `HEADERS` or `HEADER('<key>')` columns. If a column is marked by `HEADERS`, then it contains

```

>    the full list of header keys and values. If a column is marked by `HEADER('<key>')`, then it will contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the full list of header keys and values. If a column is marked by `HEADER('<key>')`, it contains

```

>    the last header that matches the key (or `NULL` if that key is not in the list of headers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the last header that matches the key, or `NULL` if that key is not in the list of headers.

```

* `KEY`: columns that are stored in the Kafka message's key should be marked as `KEY` columns.

>    If a column is unmarked, ksqlDB loads it from the Kafka message's value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a column is unmarked, ksqlDB loads it from the {{ site.ak }} message's value.

```
